index.md, before:

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

       | SDK Name         | Lib Version  | SDK Version Code |
       |------------------|--------------|------------------|
       | newsfeedsdk      |    1.1.1    |      1008        |

1. Added near you in get-app-wise order api
2. Added post_source, feed_type in react & comment api
3. fix crypto podcasts issue
4. fix sticky work manager issue
5. fix portrait issue for all activities
6. fix publisher blocker crash issue

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

       | SDK Name         | Lib Version  | SDK Version Code |
       |------------------|--------------|------------------|
       | newsfeedsdk      |    1.1.0    |      1008        |

1. Targeted SDK 31
2. Fixed issues for cricket pwa

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

       | SDK Name         | Lib Version  | SDK Version Code |
       |------------------|--------------|------------------|
       | newsfeedsdk      |    1.0.5     |      1008        |

1. Fixed issues from 1.0.4v
2. Fixed oom leak for Impression Utils
3. Fixed regional feeds feedType issue for impressions

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

       | SDK Name         | Lib Version  | SDK Version Code |
       |------------------|--------------|------------------|
       | newsfeedsdk      |    1.0.4     |      1008        |

1. made getBase64SHA1FromHex() public
2. fix publisher name issue in feed card
3. fix regional feeds issue
4. fix private ads impression issue
5. fix glide image issue for fpj
6. fix NewsFeedScrollView issues from 1.0.2v

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

       | SDK Name         | Lib Version  | SDK Version Code |
       |------------------|--------------|------------------|
       | newsfeedsdk      |    1.0.2     |      1008        |

1. Added getBase64SHA1FromHex() function in AuthSocket.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

       | SDK Name         | Lib Version  | SDK Version Code |
       |------------------|--------------|------------------|
       | newsfeedsdk      |    1.0.1     |      1008        |

1. Added privacy policy popup for UGC.
2. Added reels v2 UI
3. Added license as param for start() in AuthSocket

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

       | SDK Name         | Lib Version  | SDK Version Code |
       |------------------|--------------|------------------|
       | newsfeedsdk      |    1.0.0     |      1008        |

1. Initial release

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Commit message:

1. TG-664 Fixed timestamp & url issue in post-impressions 2. TG-665 page number issue for get-feeds 3. TG-667 Fixed interests tab order issue after adding near_you 4. TG-668 near_you posts are showed for interests from pageno 1 issue 5. TG-669 for_you & near_you is sent in interests param for get-feeds 6. TG-670 Trending search loading issues 7. TG-672 multiple sticky notifications showing when multiple apps with stick search are in background 8. TG-673 crypto alert toggle issue in crypto alerts

index.md, after:

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

       | SDK Name         | Lib Version  | SDK Version Code |
       |------------------|--------------|------------------|
       | newsfeedsdk      |    1.1.2     |      1008        |

1. TG-664 Fixed timestamp & url issue in post-impressions 
2. TG-665 page number issue for get-feeds 
3. TG-667 Fixed interests tab order issue after adding near_you 
4. TG-668 near_you posts are showed for interests from pageno 1 issue 
5. TG-669 for_you & near_you is sent in interests param for get-feeds 
6. TG-670 Trending search loading issues 
7. TG-672 multiple sticky notifications showing when multiple apps with stick search are in background 
8. TG-673 crypto alert toggle issue in crypto alerts

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

       | SDK Name         | Lib Version  | SDK Version Code |
       |------------------|--------------|------------------|
       | newsfeedsdk      |    1.1.1     |      1008        |

1. Added near you in get-app-wise order api
2. Added post_source, feed_type in react & comment api
3. fix crypto podcasts issue
4. fix sticky work manager issue
5. fix portrait issue for all activities
6. fix publisher blocker crash issue

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

       | SDK Name         | Lib Version  | SDK Version Code |
       |------------------|--------------|------------------|
       | newsfeedsdk      |    1.1.0     |      1008         |

1. Targeted SDK 31
2. Fixed issues for cricket pwa

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

       | SDK Name         | Lib Version  | SDK Version Code |
       |------------------|--------------|------------------|
       | newsfeedsdk      |    1.0.5     |      1008        |

1. Fixed issues from 1.0.4v
2. Fixed oom leak for Impression Utils
3. Fixed regional feeds feedType issue for impressions

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

       | SDK Name         | Lib Version  | SDK Version Code |
       |------------------|--------------|------------------|
       | newsfeedsdk      |    1.0.4     |      1008        |

1. made getBase64SHA1FromHex() public
2. fix publisher name issue in feed card
3. fix regional feeds issue
4. fix private ads impression issue
5. fix glide image issue for fpj
6. fix NewsFeedScrollView issues from 1.0.2v

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

       | SDK Name         | Lib Version  | SDK Version Code |
       |------------------|--------------|------------------|
       | newsfeedsdk      |    1.0.2     |      1008        |

1. Added getBase64SHA1FromHex() function in AuthSocket

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

       | SDK Name         | Lib Version  | SDK Version Code |
       |------------------|--------------|------------------|
       | newsfeedsdk      |    1.0.1     |      1008        |

1. Added privacy policy popup for UGC.
2. Added reels v2 UI
3. Added license as param for start() in AuthSocket

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

       | SDK Name         | Lib Version  | SDK Version Code |
       |------------------|--------------|------------------|
       | newsfeedsdk      |    1.0.0     |      1008        |

1. Initial release

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
